[Music]
Well, this is already, this is already [ __ ] crazy,
eh.  I came across this tweet, this one
came to me, eh, for you, eh,
this idiot who takes our clips and says,
"I heard Javier N, that N, if I'm not, if I'm
not mistaken, N is when a person
is accused, right? In Mexico, no, that's
because of the issues I've covered. And he
says, I heard Javier Nir using salsa to
open his main channel. What I said
yesterday, I think it was like there wasn't
much salsa to open in the salsa or
telesalseo, I don't remember what it
was, something like that, right? Apparently he doesn't
know that a friend of his, mind you, a
friend of his is leaving social media due to
legal issues or that the person he supports from
Spain to Mexico was put in a
chat room for minors. Here, Javier, I'll leave you
this song. And it turns out that Mafian
TV is my friend and the one I support. He's
getting older and you don't even notice. I send you
a kiss, beautiful little one. I already saw your
like.
Thanks. Same  For you, baby. Come back
to
me so I can help you. Don't screw up,
princess. Happy face. Baby.  Go on, say
that, I'll give you tickets and clothes.
Days to support you on social media.  Say that you
have an angel face and I promise to
take great care of you and make you a hit on
social media.   I
can tell a little secret like this, very
honest, direct, without beating around the bush, and without it
coming from me.  I love you,
Falquita, very badass.
Happy face like a woman, like a woman.
Happy face, happy face.  I just wanted to
tell you, I just wanted to
tell you
happy face.
Happy face.  Do you know where you belong?
Hang out with the good guys, you're not even worth a penny, you
ugly skinny girl.  How are you not going to say
hello anymore or what?  I already seem more like a beggar than
anything.  You're bad, but awesome, huh?  Seriously,
you're so hot and I'm serious considering you.
I haven't spoken to this guy for
years now.  I had a good
relationship with him, eh, a
cordial relationship.  Uh, I'm talking to you about
maybe the year 16, 17 maybe, I
mean, we're talking about almost
a decade ago practically, right?  Because we
both collaborated with Younow.  I mean,
at Younow we were the biggest, eh, the
biggest was Dross and then it was me, who
was normally the number one, but
because Dross's thing was like one live show
a month, you know?  Dross was a live act that they
hired him for from time to
time, you know?  which are those strata
that he then uploaded on his
secondary channel, but of Youo the number one
was me and there was Mafian also at another
time who was also number one in his
country, okay?  When not at another time.
Will Hater came next.  Will Hater was
like in the end there was a time and all that
stuff, okay?  But Mafia and I have
never been friends, I mean, we had
a cordial relationship for a while,
but we had a lot of arguments
, even on the air.  Hey, that's
over there.  I don't know if I have it on my channel or if I
deleted it because look, we said
everything to each other.  They put an age restriction on me
and when they put an
age restriction on my videos, I
delete them, I delete them, you know, because I don't
know, it pisses me off having an
age restriction on a video, it really pisses me off, I
delete it and maybe I'll reupload it, eh,
censorship or whatever, but that was already when they
put the age restriction on me, it kind of
became outdated, but well, I think it
's reuploaded somewhere, I mean,
we said everything to each other, okay?  And we ended up
very badly, but I'm from tomorrow, of course, I
mean, they're bringing up a
conversation here in which, from what I've been
reading, I mean, these are
conversations from 2017, the mother who
[ __ ] gave birth to me and that the girl was under
17, okay?  I mean, we're talking about
what Mafian had here, which is not to
justify him, eh, I find it really
disgusting if he's flirting with
such a young girl, right?  That she was 12
and where did I read 17? Let's see, Karime,
can you update me on this information?
Man, if it's 12 it's too much,
right?  12 chat it up, right?  But if 12 is a
girl almost of communion, for God's sake.  How
old was he?  12, 14. But why do
I have in my head that there were 17?  What have
I looked at now?  Let's see,
wait, I'll see this.  My lawyers
told me, "Fabian, it's time to take
action. I think we've already given them too much of a
chance."  Well exactly, you've already had
too much chance.  Now we're all going to start taking
legal action,
right?  Those who already had them plus those who are
getting on.  But as I said, it is not a
threat.  Going legal never is.   It
will be for the year.  It's true.  Warlo.
Damn, if it's for two it's a lot of
fabric.  But I have a lot of things from
Fabián, right?  I mean, with me because he
hasn't messed around again, but these people don't
have a [ __ ] clue.  They're not getting
anything serious out of him.  I mean, from Fabián I have the
biggest, the most amazing, okay?
But the most amazing.  Well, I had a
real hard time with him.  The thing is,
these people are new and they don't
know a [ __ ] thing.  I mean,
this is a joke compared to other
things out there.  Javi, a little tip:
when you search for mentions in a video,
check the transcript.  In addition to
searching for Javi, also search for Oliveira and
Jab.  Many times the subtitles
say Jav instead of Javi and you're going to have
a lot to answer for legally
because if these people think they didn't
have help, many, as I say,
are contacting me and I have help
from lawyers and all this kind of things
and also, my goodness, the representative of
the lawyers and everything, eh?
This guy makes me feel repulsed.  You can't
really imagine when he's
acting like he's somebody
important or whenever, you know?  One
of the things, because one thing is for you to
expose it, okay?  Obviously you
put it as a channel that you are into these
topics, right?  But since you're going to be the
representative to talk to the ones
we have, you'll have to count on
Mr. Doctor's luck.  Honestly, I always
say it, Mr. Doctor may have his things for
tastes, for good, for bad or not,
but one of the things he does is
help.  Mr. Docto will be helping with
this because Mr. Docto has now
fallen out with Fabián and because Fabián has
been annoying him and has
been supporting Mari Fer and if any
of these people can't, he
is also collaborating.  Man, he
's done a lot of work, huh?  What you
sent me now, eh, I mean, Liy, eh, they
also start looking at Li's visits,
which are around 100,000 visits, that
100,000 visits with the CPM that
easy has, I can tell you that she's calm,
eh?  And most of the videos
are sponsored, too, so, I mean, don't
worry about her, okay?  Well, they
say, "Just what I imagined, Liy is
doing very strange things, it's impossible for
her to live without working at anything. I don't
even want to think about what she's doing."  And
the wig and uncle come, they are
sick.  And she calls it Procenet, the one they
gave Dallas for calling
Jordi Wild a proseneta, eh,
these people still call him that, eh?  No,
no, they are sick, that's it.
Both on a media level, a
personal level, and an economic level, so that
people don't have to worry about not being
able to afford to file a complaint.  So
logically I suppose that not
everything will be reported, what is
really relevant according to the lawyers will be leaked, but
without Mr. Doctor and his help, as
much as I would like, it would still be
a small channel.  Thanks, Isa.  But I do
n't know where I saw that it was 17
years ago, man.  I hope he pays for everything he has
done and did to me.  Together test.  I'm
14, right?  I mean, wait, I think it
says here.  I'm 14. That's disgusting, man.
I mean, how [ __ ] disgusting, huh?  This,
huh?  I'm 14, remember?  Well, you look
pretty.  Wow.  God, if this is real.
If this is real.  How [ __ ] disgusting,
huh?  That this guy, the mafia, went to
record.  He recorded Olivita in a
chat, on a video call.  He started
video calling her during his
research work to
stay on top of all the topics.  She recorded the
video call and published it as if it were
an interview.  Without permission, from
Olivita.  These people don't respect
Olivita at all, we're
all clear about that, aren't we?  That is, it is
content and vigilante parallels with
Dallas.  Okay, Wale, I trust you,
okay?  I trust you, okay?  Ah, but all
this text so far, Karime, let's see
what you say.  Minute 2:45.  Let's see,
well, let's see the whole thing, shall we?
Or what?  How are you, ruffians?
Good evening.  As you well know,
a few weeks ago I became involved in a
journalistic case that interested me because of the
gender-based violence involved
.  This is what Mr. Doctor is about.   I
conducted interviews with various
people involved to inform you of the
incident, in accordance with the legal framework
granted to me as a journalist, which has simply
angered people who have
seen their actions exposed on my channel on
more than one occasion.  From that moment on, I
received threats warning me of
the consequences for
carrying out my journalistic work, where I
accurately reported various
events in accordance with the legal framework and without
violating due process.  And various
journalistic genres and categories are used, such as
opinion columns,
opinion articles, news stories, and interviews,
which support this information.  The
threats have come at all times
since I was warned on various
social networks that I would pay for Javi, if
someone looks like Fabián, it's a pass.
Both of them contacted Olivita trying to
defame you.  Yes, yes.  He starts
saying, he starts telling me the
mafia in Spanish to continue and looking for
the It works his mind works like
a little kid's, man.  Today I was
making him again and today I was
making montajitos again for this one
too, for Fabián.  Look, look, look.
There's the way
his mind works like a
little kid's to a high school
bully, you know what I mean?  I mean, just imagine
.  And Fabián starts saying steps to
Fabián Spanish to me and it's as if
you already wanted to have something to do with me,
son.  You are very similar to Fabián, in
many ways, many ways, in many
ways.  For having meddled in that subject
via messages, phone calls,
social media posts,
bot messages, and more.  It's worth mentioning
that in my journalistic career spanning more than
15 years, where my
honor, stature, and performance have been respected, I have
never received threats for any
reason.  These threats, in
their entirety, have been collected and
documented by my team of lawyers, and
in due course,
you will all be notified of these
legal actions against each
of the people involved, both civil and criminal.
Now, recently,
information has been released that appears to
involve the rights of a woman whose
identity and privacy must be
safeguarded above any
direct or indirect interest that could
affect me and my
work.  Therefore, it is ethical and
professional, as we have always done
at Mafian TV, to refrain from having any
kind of involvement in any
written or verbal statement that
denigrates, disqualifies, attacks, or even
harms the integrity of said person.  It must be
made clear that
social media is not a mediating,
capacitive, or judging lens for dealing with
such an issue.  And it must be emphasized that there
are legal bodies that must
impartially and objectively address
complaints that may not be
addressed, and it will be with them with the
legal advice and support of my
team of lawyers, to which we both have the
right.  This woman is what Fabián is referring to, who is
close to high school.  It is worth mentioning
that the teacher has an honorable
marriage.  And children.  The images you
are seeing on screen are from her
Facebook.  It's not a punishment for
boys who are at that age of being a jacket-wearer
and who are just discovering their
sexuality.  However, many of them
told me that
they would record it soon and they succeeded.
Teacher at secondary school number 1 in
Monterrey, Nuevo León.  Today is the time to
make it clear that what
you are doing is not acceptable.  It's not fair that you're
forcing minors to have
sex and you don't even
realize you're being recorded.  It
also really strikes me that these
ruffian kids from Mafian TV
mentioned him in the video, one of them
mentioned in the video that he was being
recorded, that he was going to cut the
recording.   It
was an intimate video of a teacher,
but why is this, why are they
taking it out now too, I mean,
what is he responding to?  rise
above any direct and
indirect interest affecting me
and my work.  Therefore, it is ethical and
professional, as we have always done
at Mafian TV, to refrain from having any
kind of involvement in any
written or verbal statement that
denigrates, disqualifies, attacks, or even
harms the integrity of said person.  It must be
made clear that
social media is not a mediating,
capacitive, or judging lens for dealing with such an issue
.  Sure, but people aren't
taking the woman out, are they?  Either people
are exposing the woman, Karime, or they
are just accusing him.  That
kind.  And it must be emphasized that there are
legal bodies that must
impartially and objectively address
complaints that may not be
addressed, and it will be with them with the
legal advice and support of my
team of lawyers, whom we both have.
Only him.  Well then they're not
violating any of her rights, you
know?  And regarding his case, it's a
video that he uploaded where I will state
my position, which of course I
categorically reject because they are two girls, that
is, they are throwing in his face the video
of the teacher and some conversations between
two girls, one 12 and the other 17. Well,
the 17-year-old may be repulsive,
but the 17-year-old, well, I don't know what it's like there in
Mexico.  Here in Spain the issue
is that 17 would be legal, even though he was
30 at the time, because I imagine he
was around 30 at the time.
But man, if there's a 12-inch one
, it doesn't have that anymore, that's [ __ ]
crazy.  Because if there's one of 12, it's
[ __ ] crazy what we're talking about,
right?  If that is true and it is and that
is proven.  Cutting off all the
sufficient evidence that has been
gathered and that I have at my disposal to
assert what is in my interests
.  I will firmly take
legal action at the national and
international levels, both civil and
criminal, against each and every
person who has claimed points that have not
been verified by any
authority and who, simply for the sake of likes,
views, attention, ratings, and exposure, have
violated my place of residence.  Honor
fear has to have a certain Spanish.
Fabián doesn't mess around.  No
no.  I imagine that he will sue the
Gúa, he is not referring to a pass.  Yes, it's
been a while.  I have a hard time believing that he wants to
take action against someone for a
long time.  I'm not going to tell you why it's
hard for me, but it's hard for me.  But it's very easy.   I
mean, people think you can't
sue someone who's
in another country.  It's as simple
as hiring a lawyer and a
solicitor from there.  That is, if someone from
another country wants to sue someone in
Spain, they'll need a lawyer in Spain and a
solicitor in Spain.  Spot.  Ility,
reputation, profession.  Another thing is
the laws of each country. For example,
I've sometimes wanted to sue
someone from another country, and it turns out that
in that country the law was a piece of [ __ ]
regarding honor rights or
internet issues and things like that, you know what I mean?
dignity, ethics, loyalty, morality and
the like.  It must be emphasized that the
courts are the most appropriate venue
for resolving these types of allegations,
so I always remain
respectful of any
prompt and timely response,
thus reiterating my transparency.  The use of a
microphone must be done
responsibly. While it may be
journalistically inconvenient,
the information
generated on this channel has always been
truthful, without violating, threatening, or
destroying anyone's reputation
.  The use of words in the
media should not serve or be
used to incite hatred, much
less to threaten anyone you
please, or anyone you please,
with the sole intention of generating
monetary gain.  I will continue to do
my job, asking you to stay
tuned for future updates
that I will make public to the extent
permitted by law. I will also announce
appropriate legal action
against any
outside parties seeking to take advantage
of this situation and who
simply intend to use this issue for their
own purposes: to attract attention,
generate likes and views, but
above all, to exploit a sensitive topic.
But what sensitive issue do
people want to get hung up on?  Let's see, eh Fabian.   He has
n't been caught up in all the
sensitive issues that exist on the planet.  I
mean, I don't, I don't, I don't even know how much
money he made from the
Banny Escobar case, which I don't know, I don't know, it's
ugly, eh, there are a lot of people who are
ugly like the guy with such and such a stick.  What
faith was, what happened after the incident
with the father, you know?  When he finally got the
better of it, the thing he had with his
father, how badly he behaved with his
father, you know what I mean?  With the family that
the girl had just lost.  But
taking advantage of what topic, I mean, point
number one, he gets involved and participates in
the controversies whenever he feels like it.  I
mean, we saw a live broadcast of him doing
a live broadcast on Legun Pasa that was
repulsive.  I mean, look, Gunpasa, I can't
stand him, okay?  He is a person who
causes me a lot of rejection and is a stalker of
mine.  He's a stalker, okay?  Now,
you have a lot of things to
pick at and criticize him for, and I have a
few things there that I'll see if I can put together
a video about. It turns out I'm all mixed up with
clowns, man.  I don't answer either
those who I usually argue with,
eh?  But I have to put you on a
live show for an hour that's fat, that if you
know, I mean, it's one thing if you in a
moment or two tell him like we've said
here, come on man, you can't breathe or
something like that, you know?  But one hour,
one [ __ ] hour, fat, fat, fat and
everything, all you have to do is tell him he
's fat.  I mean, the truth is that
you know, I mean, that's it.  So, what are you going
to complain about now that they mess with you,
call you a drunk, and what are you going to
sue for?  I mean, he could only sue
if the things they
were telling him were false, right?
I already saw the video of the teacher
, okay?  And there's more out
there.  What happens is that
these conversations, these
conversations that they brought out,
that, I didn't know about that, okay?  Eh,
so if they're fake, he can sue
and slap a huge package on those who
gave him the
news, those who broke it,
those who commented on it afterwards, not
so much, you know?  But those who are
the first to get it out, yes.  Now, if they
are true, I don't know to what extent it could
violate, let's see, it could violate or
whenever they bring up some of
your conversations of that
caliber, it could always violate your
honor, right?  I mean, the fact that you know
doesn't always free you, but it depends, uh, it
depends.  Look, if you have those
conversations, what you have to do
is present them in court, if they're
real.  And then you can deliver the
news as the communicator that you are without
putting the conversations on hold.  I mean, who
posted the conversations?  Karime, how did
that come to light?  That is, if
the girl herself brings up the conversations
, she has nothing to sue for either.
Who is Fabián going to sue?  I
mean, if the girl herself posts the conversations
and then other YouTubers
comment on them, what's she going to sue for?
Now, it's another thing if one of the
YouTubers is the one who posted
the conversations.  I don't know how they got out,
but they have spread it on several channels.
Yes, but who is the one who takes it out
first?  I thank you all for your
attention.  On Mafian TV, we'll continue with
the cases as usual, including
live coverage.  And obviously, with the
support of my team of lawyers, we will
remain alert to any
situation that needs to be shared
publicly with you.  Nothing, just talk,
man.  The truth is, it's regrettable.  The last thing I
wanted here tonight was for
some guy to come and make me
agree with some guy, okay?  That is, because of because of because of because
of
Fabián TV we have had to agree with him, it
still happens.  It's not that it's not.  Let's
see, on the one hand you say, well, he comes out and shows his
face, right?  That says it all, that says
a lot, doesn't it?  When a person comes out and shows
their face, they usually feel like they're
right, right?  He understands it, I don't know.  Or you
don't understand me.  But
the truth is that I'm not with him in this case.  I
was there at the time, do you know or not?  No.
[Music]